New documentation structure (#375)
jetstack/version-checker: docs/installation.md

# Installation

`version-checker` can be installed using either static manifests or Helm.

---

## Install Using Static Manifests

To install using static manifests, run:

```sh
kubectl apply -k ./deploy/yaml
```

## Install Using Helm
To install using Helm, add the Jetstack Helm repository and install the chart:

```sh
helm repo add jetstack https://charts.jetstack.io
"jetstack" has been added to your repositories

helm install version-checker jetstack/version-checker
```

Output:

```sh
NAME: version-checker
LAST DEPLOYED: Wed Jul 12 17:47:41 2023
NAMESPACE: default
STATUS: deployed
REVISION: 1
TEST SUITE: None
```

> ### Prometheus Integration
> 
> The Helm chart supports creating a Prometheus ServiceMonitor to expose the version-checker metrics.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prometheus Operator Integration

The Helm chart supports creating a [Prometheus Operator](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator) `ServiceMonitor` to expose version-checker's metrics.

```

## Options

> By default, without the flag `-a, --test-all-containers`, version-checker will
> only test containers where the pod has the annotation
> `enable.version-checker.io/*my-container*`, where `*my-container*` is the `name`
> of the container in the pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, version-checker will only test containers where the pod has the annotation
`enable.version-checker.io/*my-container*`, where `*my-container*` is the `name`
of the container in the pod.

However, by passing the following flag,`-a, --test-all-containers` version-checker will test all containers within the cluster.
```

    used for only comparing against image tags which match the regex set. For
    example, the above annotation will only check against image tags which have
    the form of something like `v1.3.4-debian-r30`.
    `use-metadata.version-checker.io` is not required when this is set. All
    other options, apart from URL overrides, are ignored when this is set.

- `override-url.version-checker.io/my-container: docker.io/bitnami/etcd`: is
    used to change the URL for where to lookup where the latest image version
    is. In this example, the current version of `my-container` will be compared
    against the image versions in the `docker.io/bitnami/etcd` registry.

- `resolve-sha-to-tags.version-checker.io/my-container`: is used to
    resolve images specified using sha256 in kubernetes manifests to valid semver
    tags. To enable this the annotation value must be set to "true".

## Known configurations

From time to time, version-checker may need some of the above options applied to determine the latest version,
depending on how the maintainers publish their images. We are making a conscious effort to collate some of these configurations.

> See [known-configurations.md](../known-configurations.md) for more details.

Reviewer: I think this should be in the main readme as there's a lot of support/issues raised for image accuracy.
